How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

A: By viewing the diff between the two versions of the file, I was able to see exactly which lines
were different between the two files and I was able to compare each line to find they bug/typo.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A: Having easy access to the entire history of a file will make me a more efficient programmer in the long term
because I will be able to easily trace back my steps and pinpoint exactly when a bug made its way into the code
and where the bug is by comparing versions of the file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having
versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

A: The pros of manually choosing when to create a commit are that I would be able to decide when would be a logical
time to make the commit, so that the change would make sense to me later and my history won't be too cluttered or too
bare, making it easier to navigate and understand. The only con here is that I may forget to make a commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A: Some version control systems like Git allow saving multiple files in one commit because they deal with files that
are highly related to each other and interact in order to function properly. They also share items between each other.
Other version control systems deal with files that operate on a stand alone basis.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A: I can use git log to view all the commits to a repository, and git diff to view the changes from one commit to the
next.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

A: Using version control makes me more confident to make changes that could break something because there are controls
that allow me to check back to different versions to pinpoint exactly where changes needed to be made rather than
having to do trial and error and possibly break something.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A: Now that I have my workspace set up, I'm going to use Git to update versions of my projects so that I have a history
I can refer back to when debugging.
